gonna let you in the back but it just
occurs receipt I'll be the captain that
will beat you to a victory
general Holden you could ever dream or
rub on blue top then maybe even lay some
shit acquire target the pieces for that
rip to what you want adventure tell you
to come follow me
you're my crew in the new world that's
great feeling on my battleship and good
old ocean blue enemy ship the distance
that we're setting course for you and I
know you see is coming so you can shine
hydraloop words your boot and kill you
all we won't even have to shoot right
now it's too late to satisfy walk the
plates friends I poison say low surface
guys see that goals now it's my turn as
I am Youkilis I do I'm from an ancient
family now I'm here to kill you right
now I'm sticking to my origins that was
born in the sea go me the pirate or the
Spanish can't arrest me trade of the
Brotherhood Baloo and I am a simple
Baloo dinner reason to be free is some
rock in the hood you on the trip
discover me only wish she could do quick
learner freedom she'd reach the battle
flag and turn toward the port
my crew and I would use all of this shit
call us supplier to the motherfucking be
gonna let you in the back what is just
because you're seeing well I'll be the
captain that will lead you to a victory
you get Moldovan you could ever dream or
but we run on rooftop then maybe even
Lincoln shit acquired target where's the
pieces for a trip to what you want
adventure tell you to come follow me
join my crew in the new world that's a
street story my people way way back in
the day brother did about a king who
were way too crazy
now I'm in the same boat as I figure she
see your to get them done oh Jesus turn
the other cheek and if you wanna help
out just go look in the bar jump in
pirate problems and they're a little bit
bizarre but I'll back to die if you try
to kill me I'll kill you instead you
take all your booty call me a mystery
man cuz of my private affairs take your
girl knows probably damn sure don't
share mothers on the treasure and I'm
pretty shiny jewel goodbye and buyers
who the hell needs school got us today
Blackbeard's on my side tell me stories
about me because I'm wait you dancer
flying solo you one more thing before I
wrap this Versailles pirates do what
they want people cause for us call us
the Pirates of the motherfucking be
gonna let you in the back what is just
because you see I'll be the captain that
will beat you to a victory
you get more than you could ever dream
Lord but we run on rooftop and maybe
even lay some chips acquire target
listen to pieces for that risk to what
you want adventure tell you to come
follow me join my crew in the new world
that's a street living in that high life
pretty new voice when we first written
bona fide please with above and it looks
sort of me now click on that button
subscribe for free